Icons shall not be changed in rules (#2222)
openhab/openhab-docs: developers/bindings/thing-xml.md

### Thing Categories

> Thing categories are used to set an icon for that Thing. The available categories correspond with the available icons of the classic icon set, however categories are written in Java class-naming style, e.g. FrontDoor instead of lowercase frontdoor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Categories are used to provide meta information about Things. Thing categories describe how the physical device **looks like**. UIs can use this information e.g. to render icons.
The available categories correspond with the [available icons of the classic iconset]({{base}}/configuration/iconsets/classic/), however categories are written in Java class-naming style, e.g. `FrontDoor` instead of lowercase `frontdoor`.
```

### Channel Categories

> Channel categories are used to set an icon for that Channel. The available categories correspond with the available icons of the classic icon set, however categories are written in Java class-naming style, e.g. FrontDoor instead of lowercase frontdoor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channel categories are used to provide meta information about channels. Channel categories describe the **functional purpose** of the channel and are used by the UI to render icons.
The available categories correspond with the [available icons of the classic iconset]({{base}}/configuration/iconsets/classic/), however categories are written in Java class-naming style, e.g. `BatteryLevel` instead of lowercase `batterylevel`.
```

```

The channel group type is defined on the same level as the thing types and channel types.

> The group type must have a label, an optional description, and an optional category (icon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group type must have a label, an optional description, and an optional category (e.g. used to render an icon).
```
